**German Version:** [Datenschutzerklärung](/de/privacy/)

<h2>1. An overview of data protection</h2>
<h3>General</h3> <p>The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.</p>
<h2>2. General information and mandatory information</h2>
<h3>Data protection</h3> <p>The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.</p> <p>If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.</p> <p>Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.</p>
<h2>3. Data collection on our website</h2>
<h3>Server log files</h3> <p>The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:</p> <ul> <li>Browser type and browser version</li> <li>Operating system used</li> <li>Referrer URL</li> <li>Host name of the accessing computer</li> <li>Time of the server request</li> <li>IP address</li> </ul> <p>These data will not be combined with data from other sources.</p> <p>The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.</p>
